README.md, before:

# QCRI Interns Cheat Sheet

This repo is to put your little snippets on information that you learnt during the course of the internship that you feel would be beneficial to others or to the interns who would be coming next year. 

Some examples would be:

* How to install python or pip on the server without sudo access?
* How to get up and running with a docker container?
* and more ...

## Tutorials Available
1. [How to ssh to your server?](/tutorials/how-to-ssh.md)
2. [How to connect VS-Code to the QCRI server?](/tutorials/connect-vs-code-to-server.md)
3. [How to install Python without Sudo access?](/tutorials/install-python-without-sudo.md)
4. [How to install Pip without Sudo access?](/tutorials/install-pip-without-sudo.md)

## Upcoming Tutorials
1. How to make a docker container on the QCRI server?
2. How to sign into github on the server?
3. How to see which ports are open on the server?
4. How to see which docker user group you belong to on the server?
5. Some recommended VS Code extensions to use.
6. Some essential terminal commands.
7. How to customize your terminal. 



# How to Contribute?

If you want to contribute to this project and make it better, your help is very welcome. Contributing is also a great way to learn more about social coding on Github, new technologies and their ecosystems and how to mkae constructive, helpful bug reports, feature requests and the noblest of all contributions a good, clean pull request.

To make a new tutorial, create an issue describing the tutorial you are going to make, it will be assigned to you and then work on that issue. Once you are done make a pull request to the repo.

Check out [CONTRIBUTION](CONTRIBUTION.md) to see how to make a good pull request. 

## Warning:exclamation:

**Please DO NOT under any circumstance put any sensitive data on any of your pull requests. This is to protect the organization and the other interns.**

Thank you :blush:

Commit message:

2 new tutorials added; README updated

README.md, after:

# QCRI Interns Cheat Sheet

This repo is to put your little snippets on information that you learnt during the course of the internship that you feel would be beneficial to others or to the interns who would be coming next year. 

Some examples would be:

* How to install python or pip on the server without sudo access?
* How to get up and running with a docker container?
* and more ...

## Tutorials Available

### Server/Shell Tutorials
1. [How to ssh to your server?](/tutorials/how-to-ssh.md)
2. [How to connect VS-Code to the QCRI server?](/tutorials/connect-vs-code-to-server.md)
3. [How to install Python without Sudo access?](/tutorials/install-python-without-sudo.md)
4. [How to install Pip without Sudo access?](/tutorials/install-pip-without-sudo.md)
5. [How to run processes in the background in Linux/Mac OS?](/tutorials/run-processes-in-background.md)

### Docker Tutorials
1. [How to run a docker container in the background?](/tutorials/run-docker-container-in-background.md)

## Upcoming Tutorials
1. How to make a docker container on the QCRI server?
2. How to sign into github on the server?
3. How to see which ports are open on the server?
4. How to see which docker user group you belong to on the server?
5. Some recommended VS Code extensions to use.
6. Some essential terminal commands.
7. How to customize your terminal. 



# How to Contribute?

If you want to contribute to this project and make it better, your help is very welcome. Contributing is also a great way to learn more about social coding on Github, new technologies and their ecosystems and how to mkae constructive, helpful bug reports, feature requests and the noblest of all contributions a good, clean pull request.

To make a new tutorial, create an issue describing the tutorial you are going to make, it will be assigned to you and then work on that issue. Once you are done make a pull request to the repo.

Check out [CONTRIBUTION](CONTRIBUTION.md) to see how to make a good pull request. 

## Warning:exclamation:

**Please DO NOT under any circumstance put any sensitive data on any of your pull requests. This is to protect the organization and the other interns.**

Thank you :blush:
